Defeating Troll bots - much bigger, much bigger face, Mystery blocks all around,
Bigger landscape

Take over block = allows you control of enemy robot. It has limited control of
Regrow blocks = when destroyed will regrow double in 5 seconds if zombie state is not destroyed

Damage one of my sides so can't move

Mines

Guns

Screwy magnet - will randomly send me wrong way
Disarming block - removes all weapons
Screwier magnet - will randomly jump me to the other side
Portable teleport 
Disabler (message first time round) - left side disabled
Rule book - I can declare one weapon forbidden.
Magnet to attract other robot (e.g. roll over mine). Activated by hitting wall.
*Tetris land (have to tetris block hug others to destroy - but what do I win?) PROBABLY NO
*Torture Chamber (blinder etc.)
*Giant land
	-some giants have pincers - not so much a single block as two chain connected motors that clamp on you and sometimes another which pops up from middle.
	-design giants based on structures of various size rather than randomly choosing blocks.
*The woods (lots of indestructable scenary densely arranged - small enemy with thruster)
Some enemies thrusters all round, undefeatable, keep on going til find defeatable one
Invisible maker
*Packlands - ally blocks. When push against wall ally appears on opposite side and copies my movement (disabled after long time)
Everywhere else. Motors and fans but nothing fancier.
	-Allies live in packlands. Robots who just want to make friends with you by connecting ally block with ally block. If you kill them you are transported to a place where you face "Justicebot" (massive giantbot) and can only return when you defeat him.
*The plains - basic country. Every exotic block appears occasionally here. Just rarely. Mostly just knives and motors.
-Can be hard to find these lands and so gain map blocks. These have messages "giant country - 50 lands right, 5 up" when you hit right wall
Wall knives
Wall mover
"Stop hitting yourself!" block- turns your own weapons against you. In hostpital.

Indstructable blocks in the woods organised into large areas but never outer 4 or so most squares in landscape

GUNS = like knives but can be fired. Can be stacked on top for multiple ammo - some way of controlling so not firing all at once

Giant land and woods organised into large regions

NEXT STEP = message

Square where there is an unlimited supply of knives but also giant robot guarding it.

Some squares can't be nailable.

Block to temporarily disable all his weapons

Block to permanently scramble his movement controls - recovery block of some sort
"You've been hit by scrambleblock! Your controls are now scrambled!". Motors are all question marks until you try. Every collision with scramble block swaps just two.

Different colour of info text for each realm.

Nothing (e.g. fans) works if blocked! Highlighting system shows this

Jump! (e.g. 10 squares to left? More if more blocks?)
Jump obstacle! Jumps to the opposite side of an obstacle (and flips). Can't work on outside walls. Can work on enemies.

Mass block! Means I'll almost certainly be able to push him back! Also stronger!

Jump has number attached. Will remove from overlap automatically.

Skip blocks - kills the next block
Blocks that kill you from inside out
Make myself briefly invulnerable. Loses my block

Remotely control others movement for limited time

Thief steal my blocks and runs (wall of spikes, fans). I can steal back thiefs blocks and some of them have exotics. 

Teleporter(in the forest) - bot takes a few nibbles of me and runs away and teleports. 
Teleport my bashing teleporter against wall. I can also collect other half of teleport.

Knife store = provides you 1 knife each time you visit it. 

STARFISH = different face, completely surrounded by big springs and knives connected with chains. May be any shape (up to two compartments). May sometimes be GIANT STARFISH!!!
May have gaps in springs.
May have different personalities in how likely they are too attack

TODO = 
1) Multi motors /
2) Belts /
3) Fans look different when moving
3) Info
4) Plungers
5) Jump
6) Mines
7) Magic fans
8) Indestructible blocks
9) Regrow blocks
10) Regrow bigger blocks
11) The woods
12) Giant land
13) Allies
14) Packlands
15) Two player


Get badges for conquering (e.g. killing n enemies) in each zone
Get badge for speed run
 
If any exotic block is on the end of a motor prong it works if, if it was a knife it would damage the other guy

Clonebots
Packlandbots
Me
Giantbots
Hospitalbots
Woodlandbots
Thiefbots
Justicebot

Giant robots shaped like faces etc.





Change selection appearance to make brighter
Text doesn't stand out
Spring icons too small

BUGS =
Motor numbers changing whenever they feel like it
A.I. When I'm stopped needs fixing
Kill enemy with spring crash
Weird offset with size 16 grid
Size of enemy face - size 16 grid
Trying to attack thief with motor
Leaving grid when thief is about

AWARDS = 
Peaceful warrior badge = how many blocks can I aquire without killing a single robot?
Speedy warrior = how fasn can I aquire blocks
Killing x in each land
Killing without losing a single block
Capturing enemy - bringing them to another realm

VISUAL = 
Strong blocks move less when you hit them
More dislodged the further you get out!


Some Giants will have DEATH ARENAS - squares I can enter with springs coming up randomly all round me. Have some special blocks in them.

WHEN I'M STUCK ON HIM = he will push me back with probability based on his/my size and speed! Also high prob of going nowhere!
	Check with each, if bigger push the other one back then save fact changed so will reset.
	this.jumpedBack = false but don't do any of the damage stuff!
If I'm above a certain size threshold need more fans!

NOTES FOR POLYGON = 
Divided into grid
will never appear within x squares of me.
Disappearing, reappearing (fades out so get warning. Stays fixed time) common enough so always plenty of gaps.



IF I PUSH AGAINST A WALL FOR LONG ENOUGH I BOUNCE BACK (possibly)
SOME INDICATION I AM PUSHING!